=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 17=
=You In The Cracks Of Memory=
♪That song suddenly started playing♪
♪And I thought of you again♪
♪Even though I swore to the world
we were done♪
♪All my friends laughed at me♪
♪Why can't I just let it go♪
♪But how could they ever know
how good you were to me♪
♪I'm falling into
the swamp of your charm♪
♪It's painful yet feels so right♪
♪As the endless night unfolds♪
♪I toss and turn, can't fall asleep♪
♪You keep running through my mind♪
♪Nothing matters more than you♪
♪Why?♪
♪Did you hear me say please don't go?♪
Stop wiping.
Are you disappointed in me?
I think losing faith in someone
hurts much more than
seeing your dreams fall apart.
I used to be disappointed in myself.
For years, I shut myself away.
I wrote code and traded digital coins.
Made a lot of money back then.
I felt like the whole world
was right under my feet.
Then one day,
I lost everything overnight.
When I woke up after that,
the first thing I did was drinking.
Because when I was sober,
even breathing felt unnecessary.
And later?
Later I realized,
I didn't even have the right to give up.
Thank you.
Come on, let's go.
She's so thin,
wearing a pair of worn-out high heels.
Yet she carried
several boxes,
each one wider than she is.
All that just to earn
what I used to make in minutes.
Giving up is easy,
but staying strong is cool.
Whether it's for yourself
or for someone else.
Take this money.
It's enough to open a small shop.
Go live a good life from now on.
Ding Daang,
you've had it tough all these years.
Go home now.
Your daughter's waiting for you.
Thanks for helping me.
From now on,
if you ever need me again,
you know where to find me.
I'll do my best to help.
Take the cash and get out.
Don't ever set foot in my house again.
With this jinx around here,
even an invitation
wouldn't get me to come.
Five million for some peace and quiet.
Mrs. Yu, you're really kind-hearted.
The Keep Love funds
will arrive next week.
The lawyer will go over
the contract with you tomorrow.
Got it.
Boss.
Once we wrap up,
we'll leave Mancheng.
Boss.
I need to tell you something.
Go on.
I want to stay here.
Zhou Haoran.
You're challenging me again.
And you didn't stick to the plan.
Maybe this is fate.
Fate, oh, fate!
Tell me, what exactly is fate?
Then let me tell you.
Keep Love.
That's fate.
Don't cross the line.
Sorry.
It'll be over soon.
You have my word.
Did he apologize?
Did I hear that right?
His data value dropped.
It's back to 32%.
He must've had doubts,
trying to find a way to fight back.
Stay steady, no matter what.
Brother.
What brings you here?
Hu Yitong came by.
How could that happen?
Don't hide anything from me.
Otherwise, I won't help you
with anything.
Brother.
If we go through with this,
can we really win Hu Yitong's heart back?
Remember,
doing as you're told
is your only option.
Otherwise,
I've got plenty of ways to deal with you.
Why didn't anyone tell me
Hu Yitong and Miaomiao met?
The system... got disrupted.
Someone blocked their location.
Lin Xibei!
How could you miss
such an obvious flaw?
Boss,
maybe Miaomiao's got her own plan.
Her own plan?
So you did it on purpose.
(Warning: Ding Daang's car accident)
It's Ding Daang.
- What happened?
- Ding Daang!
Ding Daang!
Stay back.
Go away.
Get out.
Don't look at me like that.
She's hurt.
Don't you feel anything?
Shut up.
It's you.
Chen Aming.
This is all your fault.
You're scared now.
Scared?
What would I be scared of?
What's there
to be afraid of?
Then why are you crying?
Just admit it.
You're in love with her.
You
love her.
Don't get mad.
I don't care about your messed-up plans.
I just want Ding Daang to be safe.
Chen Aming.
Chen Miaomiao.
I'm warning you.
This is the last time.
The wounds on Ding Daang.
Do you really think I don't know?
You're the one who pushed her.
She took Hu Yitong away.
Now she's trying to take you too.
I hate her.
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
♪Yet none were ever like us♪
♪The past will always pass♪
♪If you could still hold me tight
in your arms♪
♪I'd believe
that there are miracles in love♪
♪I'd prove
that I'm still in love with you♪
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
♪But sadly, it's not you♪